COSMIC_PURPLE_THEME_PLAN.md, before:

# Cosmic Purple Theme - Complete UI Update Plan

## 🎨 Design System Overview

### Color Palette
```css
/* Background Colors */
--bg-primary: purple-950 (deepest purple-black)
--bg-secondary: slate-900 (dark slate)
--bg-tertiary: indigo-950 (deep indigo)
--bg-card: slate-900/80 (semi-transparent dark slate)
--bg-card-hover: slate-800/80 (lighter on hover)

/* Text Colors */
--text-primary: purple-100 (light purple-white) - Main headings
--text-secondary: purple-200 (lighter purple) - Subheadings
--text-muted: purple-300/70 (muted purple) - Secondary text
--text-body: slate-200 (light slate) - Body text for readability
--text-inverse: white - For dark cards

/* Accent Colors */
--accent-purple: purple-400 - Icons, links
--accent-pink: pink-400 - CTA elements
--accent-green: green-400 - Success states
--accent-orange: orange-400 - Warning states
--accent-red: red-400 - Error states

/* Border Colors */
--border-subtle: purple-800/30 - Subtle borders
--border-normal: purple-700/50 - Normal borders
--border-bright: purple-600/70 - Highlighted borders

/* Card Styles */
Glass morphism cards:
- backdrop-blur-xl
- bg-slate-900/80
- border border-purple-800/30
- shadow-2xl shadow-purple-900/50
```

## 📋 Current Issues

### ❌ Problems to Fix:
1. **Dark text on dark backgrounds** - Text not readable
2. **Inconsistent color usage** - Some components still using old colors
3. **Missing gradient effects** - Not all headings have gradients
4. **Poor contrast ratios** - Accessibility issues
5. **Inconsistent card styling** - Some cards missing glass effect
6. **Old muted-foreground classes** - Should be purple variants
7. **Missing hover states** - Need purple glow effects
8. **Buttons not themed** - Some buttons still default colors

## 🎯 Systematic Fix Plan

### Phase 1: Core Layout Components (Priority 1)
#### Files to Update:
- [ ] `src/components/layout/AppHeader.tsx` - Navigation bar
- [ ] `src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx` - Side navigation
- [ ] `src/components/layout/Footer.tsx` - Footer

**Changes:**
- Background: `bg-slate-900/95 border-b border-purple-800/30`
- Text: `text-purple-100` for links
- Hover: `hover:text-purple-300 hover:bg-purple-900/30`
- Active: `text-purple-400 bg-purple-900/50`

### Phase 2: Dashboard (Priority 1)
#### File: `src/app/dashboard/DashboardClientFixed.tsx`

**Issues Found:**
- Text color contrast issues
- Some cards missing purple theme
- Need consistent stat card styling

**Fixes Needed:**
```tsx
// ✅ CORRECT - Good contrast
<h1 className="text-purple-100">Heading</h1>
<p className="text-slate-200">Body text for readability</p>
<span className="text-purple-300/70">Muted text</span>

// ❌ WRONG - Dark on dark
<p className="text-muted-foreground">Hard to read</p>
<span className="text-gray-600">Too dark</span>

// ✅ CORRECT Cards
<Card className="backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80 border-purple-800/30">
  <CardTitle className="text-purple-200">Title</CardTitle>
  <CardContent className="text-slate-200">Content</CardContent>
</Card>

// ✅ CORRECT Stats
<div className="text-2xl font-bold text-purple-100">{value}</div>
<p className="text-xs text-purple-300/70">Description</p>
```

### Phase 3: Auth Pages (Priority 1)
#### Files:
- [x] `src/app/login/EnhancedLoginClient.tsx` - ✅ Already done
- [x] `src/app/page.tsx` (HomeClient) - ✅ Already done
- [ ] `src/app/onboarding/page.tsx` - Needs update

### Phase 4: Feature Pages (Priority 2)
#### Files to Update:
- [ ] `src/app/calendar/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/tasks/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/goals/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/habits/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/planner/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/analytics/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/settings/page.tsx`

**Standard Template:**
```tsx
<div className="min-h-screen bg-gradient-to-br from-purple-950 via-slate-900 to-indigo-950 relative overflow-hidden">
  {/* Animated orbs */}
  <div className="absolute inset-0 overflow-hidden pointer-events-none">
    <div className="absolute top-20 left-10 w-72 h-72 bg-purple-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse"></div>
    <div className="absolute bottom-20 right-10 w-96 h-96 bg-pink-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse [animation-delay:1s]"></div>
    <div className="absolute top-1/2 left-1/2 w-80 h-80 bg-indigo-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse [animation-delay:0.5s]"></div>
  </div>

  <AppHeader />
  
  <main className="container mx-auto px-4 py-8 relative z-10">
    <h1 className="text-3xl font-bold mb-2 bg-gradient-to-r from-purple-300 to-pink-300 bg-clip-text text-transparent">
      Page Title
    </h1>
    <p className="text-slate-200 mb-8">Description with good contrast</p>
    
    {/* Cards */}
    <Card className="backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80 border-purple-800/30">
      <CardHeader>
        <CardTitle className="text-purple-200">Card Title</CardTitle>
        <CardDescription className="text-purple-300/70">Card description</CardDescription>
      </CardHeader>
      <CardContent className="text-slate-200">
        Card content with readable text
      </CardContent>
    </Card>
  </main>
</div>
```

### Phase 5: UI Components (Priority 2)
#### Files to Update:
- [ ] `src/components/ui/button.tsx` - Button variants
- [ ] `src/components/ui/card.tsx` - Card default styles
- [ ] `src/components/ui/dialog.tsx` - Modal styling
- [ ] `src/components/ui/dropdown-menu.tsx` - Dropdowns
- [ ] `src/components/ui/tabs.tsx` - Tab styling
- [ ] `src/components/ui/table.tsx` - Table styling
- [ ] `src/components/ui/input.tsx` - Input fields
- [ ] `src/components/ui/select.tsx` - Select fields

**Button Variants Needed:**
```tsx
// Primary (Purple gradient)
className="bg-gradient-to-r from-purple-600 to-pink-600 hover:from-purple-500 hover:to-pink-500 text-white shadow-lg shadow-purple-500/30"

// Secondary (Purple outline)
className="bg-purple-950/50 border-purple-500/30 text-purple-200 hover:bg-purple-900/50 hover:text-purple-100"

// Ghost (Transparent)
className="text-purple-200 hover:bg-purple-900/30 hover:text-purple-100"

// Destructive (Red)
className="bg-red-600 hover:bg-red-700 text-white"
```

### Phase 6: Feature Components (Priority 3)
#### Files:
- [ ] `src/features/calendar/*` - Calendar views
- [ ] `src/features/tasks/*` - Task components
- [ ] `src/features/goals/*` - Goal components
- [ ] `src/features/habits/*` - Habit tracker

### Phase 7: Utility Components (Priority 3)
- [ ] `src/components/CommandPalette.tsx`
- [ ] `src/components/SearchBar.tsx`
- [ ] `src/components/Notifications.tsx`
- [ ] `src/components/UserProfile.tsx`

## 🔧 Implementation Strategy

### Step 1: Create Utility Classes
Add to `globals.css`:
```css
/* Text Utilities */
.text-cosmic-primary { @apply text-purple-100; }
.text-cosmic-secondary { @apply text-purple-200; }
.text-cosmic-muted { @apply text-purple-300/70; }
.text-cosmic-body { @apply text-slate-200; }

/* Card Utilities */
.card-cosmic {
  @apply backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80 border border-purple-800/30 shadow-2xl shadow-purple-900/50;
}

.card-cosmic-hover {
  @apply hover:bg-slate-800/80 hover:border-purple-700/50 transition-all duration-300;
}

/* Button Utilities */
.btn-cosmic-primary {
  @apply bg-gradient-to-r from-purple-600 to-pink-600 hover:from-purple-500 hover:to-pink-500 text-white shadow-lg shadow-purple-500/30 transition-all duration-300;
}

.btn-cosmic-secondary {
  @apply bg-purple-950/50 border border-purple-500/30 text-purple-200 hover:bg-purple-900/50 hover:text-purple-100 transition-all duration-300;
}

/* Background Utilities */
.bg-cosmic-gradient {
  @apply bg-gradient-to-br from-purple-950 via-slate-900 to-indigo-950;
}

.bg-cosmic-orbs {
  @apply relative overflow-hidden;
}

.bg-cosmic-orbs::before {
  @apply absolute top-20 left-10 w-72 h-72 bg-purple-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse;
  content: '';
}
```

### Step 2: Text Contrast Rules

#### ✅ DO:
- Light text on dark backgrounds: `text-purple-100`, `text-slate-200`
- Dark text on light backgrounds: `text-purple-900`, `text-slate-900`
- Muted text: `text-purple-300/70` on dark, `text-purple-600/70` on light
- Ensure 4.5:1 contrast ratio minimum

#### ❌ DON'T:
- `text-muted-foreground` on dark backgrounds (too dark!)
- `text-gray-600` on dark backgrounds
- `text-foreground` without checking theme
- Dark text colors on dark cards

### Step 3: Component Checklist

For each component, verify:
- [ ] Background is themed (purple gradient or glass card)
- [ ] Text has sufficient contrast (light on dark, dark on light)
- [ ] Headings use purple gradient when appropriate
- [ ] Icons match text color scheme
- [ ] Borders use purple variants
- [ ] Hover states have purple glow
- [ ] Focus states have purple ring
- [ ] Loading states use purple colors
- [ ] Error/success states use themed colors

### Step 4: Testing Checklist

Test each page for:
- [ ] All text is readable (zoom out to check)
- [ ] Headings stand out from body text
- [ ] Cards have glass effect
- [ ] Hover effects work smoothly
- [ ] Buttons are clearly interactive
- [ ] Forms are usable
- [ ] Dark mode looks good
- [ ] Light mode (if any) looks good
- [ ] Mobile responsive
- [ ] Accessibility (screen reader, keyboard nav)

## 📝 Execution Order

### Immediate (Today):
1. ✅ Fix dashboard text contrast issues
2. ✅ Update AppHeader component
3. ✅ Create utility classes in globals.css
4. ✅ Update button component variants

### Short Term (This Week):
5. Update all feature pages (calendar, tasks, goals, etc.)
6. Update settings and profile pages
7. Update modals and dialogs
8. Update form components

### Medium Term:
9. Update remaining utility components
10. Polish animations and transitions
11. Add missing hover states
12. Improve accessibility

## 🎯 Success Criteria

✅ No dark text on dark backgrounds  
✅ All text meets WCAG AA contrast (4.5:1)  
✅ Consistent purple theme across all pages  
✅ Glass morphism cards everywhere  
✅ Smooth animations and transitions  
✅ Professional, modern aesthetic  
✅ Mobile responsive  
✅ Accessible  

## 🚀 Quick Wins

These can be done with find/replace:
- Replace `text-muted-foreground` → `text-purple-300/70`
- Replace `text-gray-600` → `text-slate-200`
- Replace `bg-muted` → `bg-purple-950/50`
- Replace `border-border` → `border-purple-800/30`
- Add `backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80` to all `<Card>` components

## 📊 Progress Tracking

- [x] Homepage - 100% ✅
- [x] Login Page - 100% ✅
- [x] Dashboard - 100% ✅
- [x] AppHeader - 100% ✅
- [x] Calendar - 100% ✅ (Just completed!)
- [x] Tasks - 100% ✅ (Redirects to /planner)
- [ ] Goals - 0%
- [ ] Habits - 0%
- [ ] Settings - 0%
- [ ] Analytics - 0%
- [ ] Planner - 0%
- [ ] Components - 0%

### Recent Fixes - Commit 0bab01e

✅ Fixed dashboard stat card numbers with text-purple-100  
✅ Fixed card titles with text-purple-200  
✅ Updated task/achievement body text to text-slate-200  
✅ Fixed icon colors (green-400, purple-400, orange-400)  
✅ Applied cosmic purple theme to all Cards  
✅ Updated modal with purple theme and proper inputs  
✅ Ensured 4.5:1 contrast ratio throughout  
✅ Removed duplicate CSS classes

### AppHeader Update - Commit ea7184d

✅ Glass morphism header with backdrop-blur-xl  
✅ Purple gradient logo text  
✅ All nav links themed with purple colors  
✅ Dropdown menu with cosmic purple theme  
✅ Proper text contrast throughout navigation  
✅ Purple glow hover effects on interactive elements

### Calendar Update - Commit 809ce64

✅ Cosmic purple gradient background with animated orbs  
✅ Glass morphism header and sidebar cards  
✅ Purple-themed calendar grid with proper contrast  
✅ AI insights banner with purple gradient  
✅ Event cards, habit cards, and time blocking view themed  
✅ All text meets WCAG AA contrast standards  
✅ Consistent with homepage and dashboard aesthetic


## 🔍 Next Actions

1. Read current dashboard file to identify exact text contrast issues
2. Fix all text colors for proper readability
3. Update AppHeader for consistent navigation
4. Create reusable cosmic theme components
5. Systematically update each page following template
6. Test and verify each page
7. Commit changes in logical chunks

---

**Note**: This is a comprehensive plan. We'll execute it systematically, one component at a time, testing as we go. Each commit will be a complete, working improvement.

Commit message:

docs: Update progress - Goals completed (7/12 pages done, 58%)

COSMIC_PURPLE_THEME_PLAN.md, after:

# Cosmic Purple Theme - Complete UI Update Plan

## 🎨 Design System Overview

### Color Palette
```css
/* Background Colors */
--bg-primary: purple-950 (deepest purple-black)
--bg-secondary: slate-900 (dark slate)
--bg-tertiary: indigo-950 (deep indigo)
--bg-card: slate-900/80 (semi-transparent dark slate)
--bg-card-hover: slate-800/80 (lighter on hover)

/* Text Colors */
--text-primary: purple-100 (light purple-white) - Main headings
--text-secondary: purple-200 (lighter purple) - Subheadings
--text-muted: purple-300/70 (muted purple) - Secondary text
--text-body: slate-200 (light slate) - Body text for readability
--text-inverse: white - For dark cards

/* Accent Colors */
--accent-purple: purple-400 - Icons, links
--accent-pink: pink-400 - CTA elements
--accent-green: green-400 - Success states
--accent-orange: orange-400 - Warning states
--accent-red: red-400 - Error states

/* Border Colors */
--border-subtle: purple-800/30 - Subtle borders
--border-normal: purple-700/50 - Normal borders
--border-bright: purple-600/70 - Highlighted borders

/* Card Styles */
Glass morphism cards:
- backdrop-blur-xl
- bg-slate-900/80
- border border-purple-800/30
- shadow-2xl shadow-purple-900/50
```

## 📋 Current Issues

### ❌ Problems to Fix:
1. **Dark text on dark backgrounds** - Text not readable
2. **Inconsistent color usage** - Some components still using old colors
3. **Missing gradient effects** - Not all headings have gradients
4. **Poor contrast ratios** - Accessibility issues
5. **Inconsistent card styling** - Some cards missing glass effect
6. **Old muted-foreground classes** - Should be purple variants
7. **Missing hover states** - Need purple glow effects
8. **Buttons not themed** - Some buttons still default colors

## 🎯 Systematic Fix Plan

### Phase 1: Core Layout Components (Priority 1)
#### Files to Update:
- [ ] `src/components/layout/AppHeader.tsx` - Navigation bar
- [ ] `src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx` - Side navigation
- [ ] `src/components/layout/Footer.tsx` - Footer

**Changes:**
- Background: `bg-slate-900/95 border-b border-purple-800/30`
- Text: `text-purple-100` for links
- Hover: `hover:text-purple-300 hover:bg-purple-900/30`
- Active: `text-purple-400 bg-purple-900/50`

### Phase 2: Dashboard (Priority 1)
#### File: `src/app/dashboard/DashboardClientFixed.tsx`

**Issues Found:**
- Text color contrast issues
- Some cards missing purple theme
- Need consistent stat card styling

**Fixes Needed:**
```tsx
// ✅ CORRECT - Good contrast
<h1 className="text-purple-100">Heading</h1>
<p className="text-slate-200">Body text for readability</p>
<span className="text-purple-300/70">Muted text</span>

// ❌ WRONG - Dark on dark
<p className="text-muted-foreground">Hard to read</p>
<span className="text-gray-600">Too dark</span>

// ✅ CORRECT Cards
<Card className="backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80 border-purple-800/30">
  <CardTitle className="text-purple-200">Title</CardTitle>
  <CardContent className="text-slate-200">Content</CardContent>
</Card>

// ✅ CORRECT Stats
<div className="text-2xl font-bold text-purple-100">{value}</div>
<p className="text-xs text-purple-300/70">Description</p>
```

### Phase 3: Auth Pages (Priority 1)
#### Files:
- [x] `src/app/login/EnhancedLoginClient.tsx` - ✅ Already done
- [x] `src/app/page.tsx` (HomeClient) - ✅ Already done
- [ ] `src/app/onboarding/page.tsx` - Needs update

### Phase 4: Feature Pages (Priority 2)
#### Files to Update:
- [ ] `src/app/calendar/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/tasks/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/goals/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/habits/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/planner/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/analytics/page.tsx`
- [ ] `src/app/settings/page.tsx`

**Standard Template:**
```tsx
<div className="min-h-screen bg-gradient-to-br from-purple-950 via-slate-900 to-indigo-950 relative overflow-hidden">
  {/* Animated orbs */}
  <div className="absolute inset-0 overflow-hidden pointer-events-none">
    <div className="absolute top-20 left-10 w-72 h-72 bg-purple-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse"></div>
    <div className="absolute bottom-20 right-10 w-96 h-96 bg-pink-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse [animation-delay:1s]"></div>
    <div className="absolute top-1/2 left-1/2 w-80 h-80 bg-indigo-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse [animation-delay:0.5s]"></div>
  </div>

  <AppHeader />
  
  <main className="container mx-auto px-4 py-8 relative z-10">
    <h1 className="text-3xl font-bold mb-2 bg-gradient-to-r from-purple-300 to-pink-300 bg-clip-text text-transparent">
      Page Title
    </h1>
    <p className="text-slate-200 mb-8">Description with good contrast</p>
    
    {/* Cards */}
    <Card className="backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80 border-purple-800/30">
      <CardHeader>
        <CardTitle className="text-purple-200">Card Title</CardTitle>
        <CardDescription className="text-purple-300/70">Card description</CardDescription>
      </CardHeader>
      <CardContent className="text-slate-200">
        Card content with readable text
      </CardContent>
    </Card>
  </main>
</div>
```

### Phase 5: UI Components (Priority 2)
#### Files to Update:
- [ ] `src/components/ui/button.tsx` - Button variants
- [ ] `src/components/ui/card.tsx` - Card default styles
- [ ] `src/components/ui/dialog.tsx` - Modal styling
- [ ] `src/components/ui/dropdown-menu.tsx` - Dropdowns
- [ ] `src/components/ui/tabs.tsx` - Tab styling
- [ ] `src/components/ui/table.tsx` - Table styling
- [ ] `src/components/ui/input.tsx` - Input fields
- [ ] `src/components/ui/select.tsx` - Select fields

**Button Variants Needed:**
```tsx
// Primary (Purple gradient)
className="bg-gradient-to-r from-purple-600 to-pink-600 hover:from-purple-500 hover:to-pink-500 text-white shadow-lg shadow-purple-500/30"

// Secondary (Purple outline)
className="bg-purple-950/50 border-purple-500/30 text-purple-200 hover:bg-purple-900/50 hover:text-purple-100"

// Ghost (Transparent)
className="text-purple-200 hover:bg-purple-900/30 hover:text-purple-100"

// Destructive (Red)
className="bg-red-600 hover:bg-red-700 text-white"
```

### Phase 6: Feature Components (Priority 3)
#### Files:
- [ ] `src/features/calendar/*` - Calendar views
- [ ] `src/features/tasks/*` - Task components
- [ ] `src/features/goals/*` - Goal components
- [ ] `src/features/habits/*` - Habit tracker

### Phase 7: Utility Components (Priority 3)
- [ ] `src/components/CommandPalette.tsx`
- [ ] `src/components/SearchBar.tsx`
- [ ] `src/components/Notifications.tsx`
- [ ] `src/components/UserProfile.tsx`

## 🔧 Implementation Strategy

### Step 1: Create Utility Classes
Add to `globals.css`:
```css
/* Text Utilities */
.text-cosmic-primary { @apply text-purple-100; }
.text-cosmic-secondary { @apply text-purple-200; }
.text-cosmic-muted { @apply text-purple-300/70; }
.text-cosmic-body { @apply text-slate-200; }

/* Card Utilities */
.card-cosmic {
  @apply backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80 border border-purple-800/30 shadow-2xl shadow-purple-900/50;
}

.card-cosmic-hover {
  @apply hover:bg-slate-800/80 hover:border-purple-700/50 transition-all duration-300;
}

/* Button Utilities */
.btn-cosmic-primary {
  @apply bg-gradient-to-r from-purple-600 to-pink-600 hover:from-purple-500 hover:to-pink-500 text-white shadow-lg shadow-purple-500/30 transition-all duration-300;
}

.btn-cosmic-secondary {
  @apply bg-purple-950/50 border border-purple-500/30 text-purple-200 hover:bg-purple-900/50 hover:text-purple-100 transition-all duration-300;
}

/* Background Utilities */
.bg-cosmic-gradient {
  @apply bg-gradient-to-br from-purple-950 via-slate-900 to-indigo-950;
}

.bg-cosmic-orbs {
  @apply relative overflow-hidden;
}

.bg-cosmic-orbs::before {
  @apply absolute top-20 left-10 w-72 h-72 bg-purple-500/10 rounded-full blur-3xl animate-pulse;
  content: '';
}
```

### Step 2: Text Contrast Rules

#### ✅ DO:
- Light text on dark backgrounds: `text-purple-100`, `text-slate-200`
- Dark text on light backgrounds: `text-purple-900`, `text-slate-900`
- Muted text: `text-purple-300/70` on dark, `text-purple-600/70` on light
- Ensure 4.5:1 contrast ratio minimum

#### ❌ DON'T:
- `text-muted-foreground` on dark backgrounds (too dark!)
- `text-gray-600` on dark backgrounds
- `text-foreground` without checking theme
- Dark text colors on dark cards

### Step 3: Component Checklist

For each component, verify:
- [ ] Background is themed (purple gradient or glass card)
- [ ] Text has sufficient contrast (light on dark, dark on light)
- [ ] Headings use purple gradient when appropriate
- [ ] Icons match text color scheme
- [ ] Borders use purple variants
- [ ] Hover states have purple glow
- [ ] Focus states have purple ring
- [ ] Loading states use purple colors
- [ ] Error/success states use themed colors

### Step 4: Testing Checklist

Test each page for:
- [ ] All text is readable (zoom out to check)
- [ ] Headings stand out from body text
- [ ] Cards have glass effect
- [ ] Hover effects work smoothly
- [ ] Buttons are clearly interactive
- [ ] Forms are usable
- [ ] Dark mode looks good
- [ ] Light mode (if any) looks good
- [ ] Mobile responsive
- [ ] Accessibility (screen reader, keyboard nav)

## 📝 Execution Order

### Immediate (Today):
1. ✅ Fix dashboard text contrast issues
2. ✅ Update AppHeader component
3. ✅ Create utility classes in globals.css
4. ✅ Update button component variants

### Short Term (This Week):
5. Update all feature pages (calendar, tasks, goals, etc.)
6. Update settings and profile pages
7. Update modals and dialogs
8. Update form components

### Medium Term:
9. Update remaining utility components
10. Polish animations and transitions
11. Add missing hover states
12. Improve accessibility

## 🎯 Success Criteria

✅ No dark text on dark backgrounds  
✅ All text meets WCAG AA contrast (4.5:1)  
✅ Consistent purple theme across all pages  
✅ Glass morphism cards everywhere  
✅ Smooth animations and transitions  
✅ Professional, modern aesthetic  
✅ Mobile responsive  
✅ Accessible  

## 🚀 Quick Wins

These can be done with find/replace:
- Replace `text-muted-foreground` → `text-purple-300/70`
- Replace `text-gray-600` → `text-slate-200`
- Replace `bg-muted` → `bg-purple-950/50`
- Replace `border-border` → `border-purple-800/30`
- Add `backdrop-blur-xl bg-slate-900/80` to all `<Card>` components

## 📊 Progress Tracking

- [x] Homepage - 100% ✅
- [x] Login Page - 100% ✅
- [x] Dashboard - 100% ✅
- [x] AppHeader - 100% ✅
- [x] Calendar - 100% ✅
- [x] Tasks - 100% ✅ (Redirects to /planner)
- [x] Goals - 100% ✅ (Just completed!)
- [ ] Habits - 0%
- [ ] Settings - 0%
- [ ] Analytics - 0%
- [ ] Planner - 0%
- [ ] Components - 0%

**Total Progress: 7/12 pages complete (58%)**

### Recent Fixes - Commit 0bab01e

✅ Fixed dashboard stat card numbers with text-purple-100  
✅ Fixed card titles with text-purple-200  
✅ Updated task/achievement body text to text-slate-200  
✅ Fixed icon colors (green-400, purple-400, orange-400)  
✅ Applied cosmic purple theme to all Cards  
✅ Updated modal with purple theme and proper inputs  
✅ Ensured 4.5:1 contrast ratio throughout  
✅ Removed duplicate CSS classes

### AppHeader Update - Commit ea7184d

✅ Glass morphism header with backdrop-blur-xl  
✅ Purple gradient logo text  
✅ All nav links themed with purple colors  
✅ Dropdown menu with cosmic purple theme  
✅ Proper text contrast throughout navigation  
✅ Purple glow hover effects on interactive elements

### Calendar Update - Commit 809ce64

✅ Cosmic purple gradient background with animated orbs  
✅ Glass morphism header and sidebar cards  
✅ Purple-themed calendar grid with proper contrast  
✅ AI insights banner with purple gradient  
✅ Event cards, habit cards, and time blocking view themed  
✅ All text meets WCAG AA contrast standards  
✅ Consistent with homepage and dashboard aesthetic

### Goals Update - Commit 2a0019b

✅ Cosmic purple gradient background with animated orbs  
✅ Glass morphism header with purple gradient title  
✅ Stats cards themed with purple colors and icons  
✅ Search and filter inputs with purple theme  
✅ Grid view goal cards with purple borders and text  
✅ List view with purple theme and proper contrast  
✅ Timeline view with purple timeline indicators  
✅ Create Goal modal with purple form inputs and buttons  
✅ Status and priority badges updated to purple variants  
✅ Progress bars and category badges themed  
✅ All text meets WCAG AA contrast standards


## 🔍 Next Actions

1. Read current dashboard file to identify exact text contrast issues
2. Fix all text colors for proper readability
3. Update AppHeader for consistent navigation
4. Create reusable cosmic theme components
5. Systematically update each page following template
6. Test and verify each page
7. Commit changes in logical chunks

---

**Note**: This is a comprehensive plan. We'll execute it systematically, one component at a time, testing as we go. Each commit will be a complete, working improvement.
